README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/{{github-user-name}}/{{github-app-name}}.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/{{github-user-name}}/{{github-app-name}}.svg?branch=master)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/{{github-user-name}}/{{github-app-name}}/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/{{github-user-name}}/{{github-app-name}}?branch=master)
[![MIT license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

# Using this module in other modules

Here is a quick example of how this module can be used in other modules. The [TypeScript Module Resolution Logic](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/module-resolution.html) makes it quite easy. The file `src/index.ts` is a [barrel](https://basarat.gitbooks.io/typescript/content/docs/tips/barrel.html) that re-exports selected exports from other files. The _package.json_ file contains `main` attribute that points to the generated `lib/index.js` file and `typings` attribute that points to the generated `lib/index.d.ts` file.

> If you are planning to have code in multiple files (which is quite natural for a NodeJS module) that users can import, make sure you update `src/index.ts` file appropriately.

Now assuming you have published this amazing module to _npm_ with the name `my-amazing-lib`, and installed it in the module in which you need it -

- To use the `Greeter` class in a TypeScript file -

```ts
import { Greeter } from "my-amazing-lib";

const greeter = new Greeter("World!");
greeter.greet();
```

- To use the `Greeter` class in a JavaScript file -

```js
const Greeter = require('my-amazing-lib').Greeter;

const greeter = new Greeter('World!');
greeter.greet();
```

## Setting travis and coveralls badges
1. Sign in to [travis](https://travis-ci.org/) and activate the build for your project.
2. Sign in to [coveralls](https://coveralls.io/) and activate the build for your project.
3. Replace {{github-user-name}}/{{github-app-name}} with your repo details like: "ospatil/generator-node-typescript".


http://registry.npmjs.org/-/package/yarn/dist-tags

Commit message:

file header added; readme updated

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/{{github-user-name}}/{{github-app-name}}.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/{{github-user-name}}/{{github-app-name}}.svg?branch=master)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/{{github-user-name}}/{{github-app-name}}/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/{{github-user-name}}/{{github-app-name}}?branch=master)
[![MIT license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

# ndc

_ndc_ is a simple command line utility tool to provide an overview of out-dated node dependencies and its best use is
probably in CI environments before or after the build step of a node project.

> If you are planning to have code in multiple files (which is quite natural for a NodeJS module) that users can import, make sure you update `src/index.ts` file appropriately.

Now assuming you have published this amazing module to _npm_ with the name `my-amazing-lib`, and installed it in the module in which you need it -

- To use the `Greeter` class in a TypeScript file -

```ts
import { Greeter } from "my-amazing-lib";

const greeter = new Greeter("World!");
greeter.greet();
```

- To use the `Greeter` class in a JavaScript file -

```js
const Greeter = require('my-amazing-lib').Greeter;

const greeter = new Greeter('World!');
greeter.greet();
```
